Update release notes and knowns issues for aws auth external id bug (#28129)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/known-issues/aws-auth-external-id.mdx

> ### AWS Auth Role configuration requires an external_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### AWS authN role configuration requires an external ID
```

Author: Does this suggestion mean to include the capital N?

Reviewer: Yes. "auth" can be ambiguous, so we include the 'N' or 'Z' to differentiate between authentication (authN) and authorization (authZ)

#### Affected Versions

- 1.17.0 - 1.17.3

#### Issue

> The Vault AWS Auth backend requires an external_id to be set during role configuration, or it will return a validation error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must set the `external_id` parameter during role configuration, or the Vault
AWS authentication plugin returns a validation error.
```

Style correction: write in active voice

#### Workaround

> Configure the backend with an external_id set (if external ids are not being used, supplying any string longer than two
> characters will work). Then, configure any desired roles. After this is done, the external id can be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid the error during configuration:

1. Set the `external_id` parameter when configuring AWS authentication plugin
   with a valid ID or any string longer than two characters.
1. Configure any desired roles. 
1. If you used an arbitrary string, remove the external ID.
```
